Adding "Jailer Configuration" subsection. (#684)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/prod-host-setup.md

# Production Host Setup Recommendations

## Jailer Configuration

Using Jailer in a production Firecracker deployment is highly recommended,

> it will provide additional security boundaries for the Firecracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as it provides additional security boundaries for the microVM.
```

Author: Done in latest commit. Thanks

> The Jailer process applies [cgroup](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/cgroup-v1/cgroups.txt)

Reviewer: Please move `[cgroup](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/cgroup-v1/cgroups.txt)` to a new line. The current line is too long.

Author: Done in latest commit. Thanks

> , namespace, [seccomp](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/prctl/seccomp_filter.txt)

Author: Done in latest commit. Thanks

isolation and drops privileges of the Firecracker process.

> 

Reviewer 2: The two subsequent paragraphs looks like steps the user should take. Can you mark these with something line

```
To set up the jailer correctly, you'll need to:
```

... and then use a list for the steps.

Author: Done in latest commit. Thanks

Create a dedicated non-privilaged POSIX user and group to run Firecracker under.
Use the created POSIX user and group IDs in Jailer's ``--uid <uid>`` and
``--guid <gid>`` flags, respectively.  This will run the Firecracker as the

> created non-privileged user and group.  All file system resources used for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
created non-privileged user and group. All file system resources used for
```

Also applies to the other instances of double-space.

Author: Done in latest commit. Thanks

Firecracker should be owned by this user and group. Apply least privilege to the
resource files owned by this user and group to prevent other accounts from
unauthorized file access.

Use Jailer's ``--seccomp-level 2`` flag to enable seccomp filter. The Jailer
will apply a restrictive filter on what ``syscall`` and associated call

> parameter can issued by Firecracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameters can be issued by Firecracker.
```

Author: Done in latest commit. Thanks
